Tracking users locations generate a lot of geo data.
We except a large volume of geo data from the users that s why posinning a fault tolerance component like kafka can handle the volume of data like queue
wihtout crashing the system

Signle reponsiblity only: one services should hanlde the locations data as this we can have more control in our system 

Cache all users in memory for quick lookup

1. Architecture diagram



1.1. LocationService

 Frontend facing module that is responsible for handling Person data and services.
 It provides a REST API capable of simple interactions based on HTTP protocol. In addition, it relies on Kafka-based
 messaging producer service for producing new entities, avoiding locking clients while persisting them in the database.

 It also provides to the frontend access to the geolocation feature by communication via gRPC with ConnectionData API,
 achieving better performance with small serialized protobuf messages.

1.2. ConnectionService

 Frontend facing module that is responsible for handling Location data and services.
 Similar to Person API, the Location API handles frontend interaction with REST-based communication and the Location
 entities persistence are made through Kafka-based messaging.

1.3. PersonService

 Internal API that provides geolocation capabilities to the MVP. It is based on gRPC and the following were considered
 in this decision:

 * No browser support is needed
 * Fast serialization
 * Small message payload - mainly binary communication through HTTP 2
 * Native message strict contracts - .proto files describe a well formed message

1.4. LocationProcessor

 This module main responsibility is to contain all consumers implementations for Person and Location API(and any other
 in the future).
 Since it decouples the consumers from the API/Producers, this module may be scaled in an arbitrary fashion without leading
 to any unwanted behavior in the API's operations.

1.5. Other Aspects

 * Microservices are using a shared database pattern.
 * Python version updated to 3.9-alpine
 * Using simple Kubernetes & Kafka deployment based on Bitnami images Github(https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-kafka)